Significant improvement in test quality is usually only possible by refactoring the code under test. 
There's no other way鍟here's a tight connection between test and production code. All working code
can be classified alon two dimensions:
- complexity or importance to the project
- number of collaborators

The combination of these two dimensions櫘ode complexity and its importance to the project, on the one hand, 
and the number of collaborators, on the other櫘reates four code types.
1. Domain Model and Algorithms: Complex code is usually also part of the domain model, but not 100% of the time. 
Sometimes, complex algorithms are encountered that are not directly related to the project's domain.
2. Trivial Code: Examples of such code in C# include parameterless constructors and single-line properties. 
They have a minimal number of collaborators (or none at all) and are of low complexity and importance to the project.
3. Controllers: The code itself does not perform any complex or important work, but coordinates the work of 
other components (e.g., domain classes and external applications).
4. Overcomplicated Code: This code scores high on both metrics: it has many collaborators and is complex and/or important.
Examples include "fat" controllers (controllers that do everything themselves and don't delegate complex work to anyone).

The more important or complex the code, the fewer collaborators it should have.

Remember: it is better not to write a test at all than to write a bad test.

To separate overly complex code, you should use the Humble Object design pattern (project CRM)
UserFactory class - this code is completely isolated from all project participants, so it is easy to test.

A way to overcome the complexity of controllers is to use the "CanExecute/Execute" pattern, 
which prevents business logic from leaking from the domain model into controllers.
The controller no longer needs to know anything about the email address change process. 
All it needs to do is call the CanChangeEmail() method to determine whether the operation can be performed. 
This method can also contain other checks encapsulated by the controller. The additional precondition in 
ChangeEmail() ensures that the email address is not changed without prior validation.

Domain event names should always be written in the past tense because they represent something that has already happened.
Domain events are values - they are immutable and interchangeable.

Note that Company and User instances are still persisted in the database regardless of domain events. 
This is explained by the distinction between database changes and message bus messages.
Assuming that no other application except the CRM has access to the database, database interactions 
are not part of the CRM's observable behavior鍟hey are implementation details. As long as the final database state is correct, 
it doesn't matter how many database calls your application makes. On the other hand, message bus interactions are part 
of the application's observable behavior. To maintain the contract with external systems,
the CRM system should only send messages to the bus when an email address changes.

Abstractions are easier to test than what they abstract.