The general recommendation for integration testing is to cover
the longest positive path and any edge cases that cannot be 
handled by unit tests. The longest positive it the one that
passes throught all out-of-process dependencies.  

Regarding edge cases not tested by unit tests, there is only one: 
a script whose address cannot be changed. However, testing this scenario 
is unnecessary, because without such a check in the controller, 
the application will quickly fail. This leaves just one integration test:
public void Change_email_from_corporate_to_non_corporate()

Before writing integration tests, you need to classify the two out-of-process 
dependencies and decide which one should be tested directly and which should be 
replaced with a mock. The application database is a managed dependency because 
no other system can access it. Therefore, you should use a real instance of it. 
The integration test should:
-insert user and company data into the database;
-execute an email update scenario against this database;
-check the state of the database.
On the other hand, the message bus is an unmanaged dependency—it is needed solely 
to ensure interaction with other systems. The integration test will replace the 
message bus with a mock and then test the interactions between the controller and this mock.

It's crucial to check the database state independently of the data used as input parameters. 
To do this, the integration test separately requests user and company information 
in the assertion section, creates new userFromDb and companyFromDb instances, 
and only then checks their state. This approach ensures that the test verifies 
both writing and reading from the database, thus providing maximum protection against bugs. 
The reading itself should be performed using the same code used in the controller's internal implementation; 
in this example, this is the code for the Database, UserFactory, and CompanyFactory classes.

Don't write interfaces for out-of-process dependencies unless you need to replace them based on a mock.
Since mocks should only be used for unmanaged dependencies, this recommendation boils down to this: 
use interfaces only for unmanaged dependencies. Managed dependencies should still be explicitly injected 
into the controller, but use specific classes for this purpose.

Interactions with out-of-process dependencies should be considered based on whether these interactions
are part of the application's observable behavior or an implementation detail. 
Logging is no different in this regard. Replace logging functionality with a mock if the
logs are accessible to non-programmers; otherwise, there's no need to test it.
In the next chapter, we'll dive deeper into mocks and related recommendations.